Lumos 0.0 (EXP) "RELEASE_NOTES"

CONTENTS
  0.0 EXPERIMENTAL
  About Version Numbers and Release Notations

0.0 EXPERIMENTAL (not released)
  This release brings together unreleased code earlier written and used
  privately by the author (code named "Aurora"), with major updating and
  reorganization of the device driver code, and a considerable number of
  new features.  This project will be called "Lumos" (derived from the 
  Latin "lumen" (="light") and "os" for "Orchestration System").

About Version Numbers and Release Notations:
  Lumos version numbers consist of two or three numbers separated by 
  dots (".").  These are not decimal points--the next release after 1.9 
  would be 1.10.  The first number is the MAJOR RELEASE NUMBER.  This 
  number is zero (0) during initial development, and will change to one
  (1) for the first actual product release.  Thereafter, it will increment
  every time a major change is made to the Lumos program functionality, 
  structure, architecture, etc.  The second number is the MINOR RELEASE
  NUMBER.  This is set to zero (0) every time the major release number
  changes, and increments thereafter when minor changes are made to program
  functionality.  An optional third number is the PATCH RELEASE NUMBER,
  and is incremented when a defect-fix change is made with no added features.
  Thus, you can generally assume that a release called 1.5.2 will look and
  act the same as 1.5 and 1.5.1 did, except that it should be a more correct
  implementation (i.e., corrected for defects discovered in the previous 
  versions), while 1.6 would have at least some minor change to its feature
  set. 

  In addition, version numberss are followed by a notation indicating what
  level of stability and verification it has attained:
    EXPERIMENTAL  -- still under active development, volatile
    ALPHA         -- development complete, initial test group evaluation
	BETA          -- wider set of quasi-public testers
	GAMMA         -- additional test/eval groups if needed after beta
	RELEASE/(none)-- official release to the public for use

  These are in chronological order, and changes (generally only defect
  corrections) may be introduced as the code moves down this list.  Generally
  speaking, the code should not be put into real production use until it
  gets the "RELEASE" stage.

  Notwithstanding our best good-faith effort to ensure the quality of this
  software, and the use of terms like "EXPERIMENTAL", "RELEASE", etc., this
  software and all accompanying materials are provided "AS-IS" with no 
  warranty of any kind whatsoever to the extent allowed by applicable law
  (see LICENSE file for full details).
